README.md, before:

# GNOME3 AppImages: long live GTK3!

This repository provides AppImage packages generated from Debian 11 "Bullseye", to maintain apps from the GNOME3 era, i.e. before "libadwaita" evolved into something incompatible with other UIs in other GNU/Linux desktop environments.

A blast from the past to have applications that are as consistent as possible in terms of themes and appearance with XFCE4, KDE, and other environments, while maintaining coexistence between the various programs.

If customization and consistency are your priorities (and if you want to use a desktop that doesn't look like a phone), this repository is for you.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE: I have nothing against the GNOME team, and I think they're doing a great job, meeting their aspirations. However, those aspirations aren't compatible with what I want.

I already made the switch from GNOME 2 to XFCE4 in 2012, while still using GNOME apps that I considered essential. I even accepted the design changes once the apps were upgraded to GTK4 and then to libadwaita, even though the window title bar was something completely different from what was used by other programs installed on the system that wasn't GNOME-related. I even tried to counter the forced use of the "light" theme by exporting variables and modifying system files, just to have a "dark" theme in all my apps. However, from version 48 onwards, something changed so that these tricks no longer worked. And I got tired of chasing all this bullshit. I don't care about new versions if the core functionality of those apps is the same, and all that changes is a damn theme designed specifically to work exclusively in GNOME.

For those of us who, like me, discovered GNU/Linux starting with a GNOME2 desktop environment, and were enchanted by its flexibility and customizability—even if we still use certain GNOME apps after switching to other environments, we can't do much but to be disappointed by all the GNOME team's decisions. Of course not. They're free to do what they want with the software they produce. And those who only started using GNU/Linux now, starting with the current version of GNOME, will never understand what GNOME meant to us back then.

The spirit of GNOME2 lives on in MATE, but that doesn't mean security and user experience should remain stagnant in something of the past; that's also true.

Nonetheless, in the battle against Linux user dispersion, GNOME has become something unrelated, worthy of a life separate from other environments. If all we have to do to have a desktop environment consistent in design and theme, including GNOME apps, is to switch completely to GNOME, then I prefer to create this snapshot of everything I thought was good about GNOME, before it became so "greedy" that it forced users to use it. Because XFCE and KDE can coexist, and the same goes for LXQT, MATE, Cinnamon... and other environments. We have a wide range of applications that can coexist without being more flashy than others.

The humility of all projects that, even unintentionally, cooperating each other, making Linux ever big, more diverse, and more inclusive, well... that's what I want. And that's what keeps me away from GNOME.

I thank the GNOME team, however, for still producing such high-quality apps. I wouldn't have a separate repository for them if they weren't so important.

If libadapta ever succeeds in restoring our relationship, I'll happily use the new versions of GNOME apps... but until then, it will continue to save and use libadwaita-free GTK3 apps, the same apps that haven't yet been contaminated.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Install and update them all with ease

### *"*AM*" Application Manager* 
#### *Package manager, database & solutions for all AppImages and portable apps for GNU/Linux!*

[![sample.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ivan-hc/AM/main/sample/sample.png)](https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM)

[![Readme](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ivan-hc/AM?label=%E2%AD%90&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM/stargazers) [![Readme](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ivan-hc/AM?label=&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM/blob/main/LICENSE)

*"AM"/"AppMan" is a set of scripts and modules for installing, updating, and managing AppImage packages and other portable formats, in the same way that APT manages DEBs packages, DNF the RPMs, and so on... using a large database of Shell scripts inspired by the Arch User Repository, each dedicated to an app or set of applications.*

*The engine of "AM"/"AppMan" is the "APP-MANAGER" script which, depending on how you install or rename it, allows you to install apps system-wide (for a single system administrator) or locally (for each user).*

*"AM"/"AppMan" aims to be the default package manager for all AppImage packages, giving them a home to stay.*

*You can consult the entire **list of managed apps** at [**portable-linux-apps.github.io/apps**](https://portable-linux-apps.github.io/apps).*

## *Go to *https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM* for more!*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

| [***Install "AM"***](https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM) | [***See all available apps***](https://portable-linux-apps.github.io) | [***Support me on ko-fi.com***](https://ko-fi.com/IvanAlexHC) | [***Support me on PayPal.me***](https://paypal.me/IvanAlexHC) |
| - | - | - | - |

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commit message:

Use a single script to build them all (#27)
* Delete baobab.sh

* Delete gnome-system-monitor.sh

* Delete simple-scan.sh

* Add builder.sh

* Update workflows

* Update README.md

README.md, after:

# GNOME3 AppImages: long live GTK3!

This repository provides AppImage packages generated from Debian 11 "Bullseye", to maintain apps from the GNOME3 era, i.e. before "libadwaita" evolved into something incompatible with other UIs in other GNU/Linux desktop environments.

A blast from the past to have applications that are as consistent as possible in terms of themes and appearance with XFCE4, KDE, and other environments, while maintaining coexistence between the various programs.

If customization and consistency are your priorities (and if you want to use a desktop that doesn't look like a phone), this repository is for you.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Usage
The process involves using a single script named builder.sh that takes care of everything. All you need to do is set and export the $APP variable. In our example, `baobab`, a disk space analyzer that needs no introduction:
```
export APP="baobab"
chmod a+x ./builder.sh
./builder.sh
```

------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Motivation
I have nothing against the GNOME team, and I think they're doing a great job, meeting their aspirations. However, those aspirations aren't compatible with what I want.

I already made the switch from GNOME 2 to XFCE4 in 2012, while still using GNOME apps that I considered essential. I even accepted the design changes once the apps were upgraded to GTK4 and then to libadwaita, even though the window title bar was something completely different from what was used by other programs installed on the system that wasn't GNOME-related. I even tried to counter the forced use of the "light" theme by exporting variables and modifying system files, just to have a "dark" theme in all my apps. However, from version 48 onwards, something changed so that these tricks no longer worked. And I got tired of chasing all this bullshit. I don't care about new versions if the core functionality of those apps is the same, and all that changes is a damn theme designed specifically to work exclusively in GNOME.

For those of us who, like me, discovered GNU/Linux starting with a GNOME2 desktop environment, and were enchanted by its flexibility and customizability—even if we still use certain GNOME apps after switching to other environments, we can't do much but to be disappointed by all the GNOME team's decisions. Of course not. They're free to do what they want with the software they produce. And those who only started using GNU/Linux now, starting with the current version of GNOME, will never understand what GNOME meant to us back then.

The spirit of GNOME2 lives on in MATE, but that doesn't mean security and user experience should remain stagnant in something of the past; that's also true.

Nonetheless, in the battle against Linux user dispersion, GNOME has become something unrelated, worthy of a life separate from other environments. If all we have to do to have a desktop environment consistent in design and theme, including GNOME apps, is to switch completely to GNOME, then I prefer to create this snapshot of everything I thought was good about GNOME, before it became so "greedy" that it forced users to use it. Because XFCE and KDE can coexist, and the same goes for LXQT, MATE, Cinnamon... and other environments. We have a wide range of applications that can coexist without being more flashy than others.

The humility of all projects that, even unintentionally, cooperating each other, making Linux ever big, more diverse, and more inclusive, well... that's what I want. And that's what keeps me away from GNOME.

I thank the GNOME team, however, for still producing such high-quality apps. I wouldn't have a separate repository for them if they weren't so important.

If libadapta ever succeeds in restoring our relationship, I'll happily use the new versions of GNOME apps... but until then, it will continue to save and use libadwaita-free GTK3 apps, the same apps that haven't yet been contaminated.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Install and update them all with ease

### *"*AM*" Application Manager* 
#### *Package manager, database & solutions for all AppImages and portable apps for GNU/Linux!*

[![sample.png](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ivan-hc/AM/main/sample/sample.png)](https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM)

[![Readme](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/ivan-hc/AM?label=%E2%AD%90&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM/stargazers) [![Readme](https://img.shields.io/github/license/ivan-hc/AM?label=&style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM/blob/main/LICENSE)

*"AM"/"AppMan" is a set of scripts and modules for installing, updating, and managing AppImage packages and other portable formats, in the same way that APT manages DEBs packages, DNF the RPMs, and so on... using a large database of Shell scripts inspired by the Arch User Repository, each dedicated to an app or set of applications.*

*The engine of "AM"/"AppMan" is the "APP-MANAGER" script which, depending on how you install or rename it, allows you to install apps system-wide (for a single system administrator) or locally (for each user).*

*"AM"/"AppMan" aims to be the default package manager for all AppImage packages, giving them a home to stay.*

*You can consult the entire **list of managed apps** at [**portable-linux-apps.github.io/apps**](https://portable-linux-apps.github.io/apps).*

## *Go to *https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM* for more!*

------------------------------------------------------------------------

| [***Install "AM"***](https://github.com/ivan-hc/AM) | [***See all available apps***](https://portable-linux-apps.github.io) | [***Support me on ko-fi.com***](https://ko-fi.com/IvanAlexHC) | [***Support me on PayPal.me***](https://paypal.me/IvanAlexHC) |
| - | - | - | - |

------------------------------------------------------------------------
